h2. Disclaimer

This plugin is properly called '$.widgetize'; github does not allow $
in the repository name.

h2. Summary

Provides a widget bar at the bottom of the screen, a la Facebook's
chat system.

h2. Usage

<pre><code class="javascript">
$('.widget').widgetize([options]);
</code></pre>

@options@ is an object of options.

h2. Options Summary

* clickable: boolean
	Whether or not the widget should be "clickable." Setting an
	on-click handler is left as an exercise to the developer. This
	option only sets up the handlers to make the widget "feel"
	clickable from a UE perspective. Default: true

h2. LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2011 Aaron Fellin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
